Upgrade k8up, new alert rules, remove deprecated keepJobs (#37)
projectsyn/component-backup-k8up: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

type:: string
default:: `null`

== `global_backup_config.keepjobs`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `3`

Deprecated: Use `global_backup_config.successful_jobs_history_limit` and `global_backup_config.failed_jobs_history_limit` instead.

== `global_backup_config.successful_jobs_history_limit`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: ``

> 

Reviewer: Probably worth to actually describe what we're configuring here, and what the default behavior is

type:: string
default:: `null`

== `global_backup_config.keepjobs`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `3`

Sets the number of old jobs to keep when cleaning up, applies to all job types.

Deprecated: Use `global_backup_config.successful_jobs_history_limit` and `global_backup_config.failed_jobs_history_limit` instead.
Overridden by `global_backup_config.successful_jobs_history_limit` and `global_backup_config.failed_jobs_history_limit` respectively.

== `global_backup_config.successful_jobs_history_limit`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `null`

Sets the number of old, successful jobs to keep when cleaning up, applies to all job types.

> Overrides `global_backup_config.keepjobs`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Overrides `global_backup_config.keepjobs`.
If neither `global_backup_config.keepjobs` nor this parameter are set, the [K8up default value|link to K8up docs?] for the configuration is used.
```

Would be nice if I was told what the default value is when reading the component parameter docs, either directly or through a link to the relevant K8up documentation.

== `global_backup_config.failed_jobs_history_limit`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `null`

Sets the number of old, failed jobs to keep when cleaning up, applies to all job types.

> Overrides `global_backup_config.keepjobs`.

Reviewer: Same here as for `successful_jobs_history_limit`

type:: string
default:: `null`

== `global_backup_config.keepjobs`

[horizontal]
type:: string
default:: `3`

Sets the number of old jobs to keep when cleaning up, applies to all job types.

> Deprecated: Use `global_backup_config.successful_jobs_history_limit` and `global_backup_config.failed_jobs_history_limit` instead.
> Overridden by `global_backup_config.successful_jobs_history_limit` and `global_backup_config.failed_jobs_history_limit` respectively.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Deprecated: Use `global_backup_config.successful_jobs_history_limit` and `global_backup_config.failed_jobs_history_limit` instead, they override `global_backup_config.keepjobs`.
```

  for: 1m
  labels:
    severity: critical
K8up**OBJECT_TYPE**Failed:
  annotations:
    summary: Job in {{ $labels.namespace }} of type {{ $labels.label_k8up_syn_tools_type }} failed

>   expr: (sum(kube_job_status_failed) by(${backup_k8up:monitoring_kube_state_metrics_job_name_label}, namespace) * on(${backup_k8up:monitoring_kube_state_metrics_job_name_label}, namespace) group_right() kube_job_labels{label_k8up_syn_tools_type="**OBJECT_TYPE**"}) > 0

Reviewer 2: Is it really necessary to duplicate code here? I'd just link to the `default.yml` file.

* `k8up_slow_backup_job_duration_seconds` configures the threshold in seconds above which alerts are generated for "slow" backup jobs.

== `job_failed_alerts_for`

[horizontal]

> type:: dict

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type:: dict
valid keys:: `['archive', 'backup', 'check', 'prune', 'restore']`
```

> default:: See https://github.com/projectsyn/component-backup-k8up/blob/master/class/defaults.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default:: [See `class/defaults.yml`|https://github.com/projectsyn/component-backup-k8up/blob/master/class/defaults.yml]
```

> Dict that creates JobFailed alert rules for the given types of jobs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dict which controls the set of JobFailed alert rules to create.
```

> Valid keys are `archive`, `backup`, `check`, `prune`, and `restore`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Valid keys are `archive`, `backup`, `check`, `prune`, and `restore`.
The value for each key is expected to be a dict with keys `enabled` and `overrides`.
```

> `enabled: false` removes the alert rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for key `enabled` should be a boolean.
This key controls whether the corresponding alert rule is created.
```

> Overrides can override all fields from the `job_failed_alert_template`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value for key `overrides` is merged with the object configured in `job_failed_alert_template`.
When configuring overrides, Jsonnet merges arrays and objects from the template with their counterparts in `overrides`.
This key allows users to customize any alert properties for individual `JobFailed` alerts.
```

The fields are overridden before interpolating `%(type)s`.

== `job_failed_alert_template`

[horizontal]
type:: dict

> default:: See https://github.com/projectsyn/component-backup-k8up/blob/master/class/defaults.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default:: [See `class/defaults.yml`|https://github.com/projectsyn/component-backup-k8up/blob/master/class/defaults.yml]
```

The template for the JobFailed alert rules.
%(type)s in `alert` and `expr` is replaced by the types defined in `job_failed_alerts_for`.

== `monitoring_alerts`

[horizontal]
type:: dict

> default:: See https://github.com/projectsyn/component-backup-k8up/blob/master/class/defaults.yml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
default:: [See `class/defaults.yml`|https://github.com/projectsyn/component-backup-k8up/blob/master/class/defaults.yml]
```

[source,yaml]
----
namespace: example-namespace

> global_keepjobs: "1"

Reviewer: What would the equivalent(-ish) config to `global_keepjobs=1` be with the new parameters? Might be a good idea to show here.

Author: Fixed it in b53f6b9bc2b2467ad1eb94153d5e0d7f445e9a35. But I would remove everything other than `monitoring_alerts` to be honest. The values were old/wrong and I don't think the help improve the understanding of the example.
